all right so now I've shown everything
as far as you know two point three point
but I'm not sure how to draw in a
symmetrical box and this is really
simple this is sort of um a nice met a
symmetrical is more of like how to show
a sense of real scale because everything
I'm drawing is kind of kind of small but
if you were to actually see something
that what you would draw it in real life
you would have you know the vanishing
points would be way way way far off the
paper summit so most of the stuff you
can almost draw asymmetrically if you're
trying to draw like an accurate box so
I'm gonna show you how to draw it and
alright I'm not gonna pick any vantage
points or horizon line for this one I'm
just gonna start with a point and
aligned going straight up any symmetric
means that the lines that are going away
from the paper like where your vanishing
points would be are non-existent and
they're just basically basically
perpendicular so we're gonna take two
perpendicular lines going this way and
that way we'll start with this way first
it's a good thing since we're trying to
keep it asymmetrical so that means this
line is basically I have to go up here
so it's good thing you just kind of keep
straight and just eyeball it and look at
it there's there's a official way to do
it but it takes a lot of time so this
way I mean trust your eyes you guys are
usually right you mean you can measure
it if you want up here but you just do
it this way no so
and let's do it over on the side and
just like we would with a parallel line
pick the corner of the box and so now
the only like and two point respected
are these lines from parallel all these
lines also run parallel and that's how
we call an asymmetrical